[["2789311", "\"it's entirely unacceptable to break into websites and commit unlawful acts\"This is quite the hypocritical statement coming from the FBI. As far as I can tell, the only difference between Anonymous, Lulzsec, and the FBI is that the FBI act by executive fiat. I don't support Internet vigilanteism, but I also don't support the concept of the FBI as an untouchable force who are no longer held accountable by the public they are theoretically serving.At this point, I'm not sure which one I find more scary.", "2789844"], ["2765133", "The article doesn't really describe how they came to choose those two formats. What about gzip, bzip2, tar, 7z, etc.?(I tried uploading a tgz file and it doesn't appear to work).The comment at the end (\"We're always adding more file types to the Google Docs Viewer\") suggests that these types may be considered at some point, but seems like once the infrastructure is there you get most other compression formats for free (assuming they're calling a server-side process to do the extraction rather than either reading the header themselves in javascript or rolling their own uncompression in their backend language without calling out).", "2765543"], ["2754725", "Two points of confusion (for me, at least) which the article doesn't satisfactorily alleviate: first, how can something dissipate heat effectively when there is an air cushion between the base plate and the cooling vanes? And second, how is this device \"immune to dust and detritus\"? For instance, it seems like dust could easily enter the thin air cushion layer and cause all kinds of problems.Can anyone help me overcome my ignorance and understand these points?", "2754788"], ["2733569", "Private citizens, at least in the US, are protected from government intrusion without the executive branch proving probable cause to the judicial branch. This is a part of the checks and balances which keep our government from becoming a totalitarian state, no matter how much it seems to want to. No matter how illogical and unreasonable it seems to reject concrete evidence of wrongdoing because said evidence was improperly obtained, such procedure is absolutely vital in order to keep from becoming a police state.While hacktivism can serve the useful purpose of keeping corporations and public officials honest, it also violates this fundamental tenet of our free society. While it seems very poetic and underdogish for a small hacker group to bring a huge, corrupt corporation to public humiliation, it is at the same time a terrifying incidence of vigilante justice. These corporations must be protected from this sort of thing by the law for the same reason that improperly-obtained evidence must be inadmissible in a court of law.", "2734239"], ["2692587", "The article is insightful and informative. However, I think the title should be written in the active voice: \"Nokia set up the new MeeGo-based N9 for failure\". If their platform is burning, it's because they lit the fires themselves.", "2693086"], ["2630388", "> I can guarantee you that everything we do will not workI suspect he means \"not everything we do will work\". Either that or he's hinting that it's time to sell AMZN.", "2631143"], ["2630042", "Any idea if it's backward-compatible with the Wii?", "2630369"], ["2628559", "I have a feeling that this will work like broadband to small towns. The major carriers are only marginally interested in making it work well right up until someone makes a move toward municipal broadband, and then suddenly everyone takes a great interest in providing service.Until there's a viable competitor in the Linux space, Flash on x64 will continue to be a choice between several bad solutions.The only thing that could change this would be if Arm CPUs started supporting the x64 instruction set. Then Android's position in the market would likely make a compelling business argument for a 64-bit Flash. I'm not holding my breath.", "2628954"], ["2626332", "> Don\u2019t try to one-up Apple by doing slightly better versions of what they do, or offering apps they\u2019ll inevitably need to add themselves.Not sure I can get behind this statement. Are developers shortsighted for filling in those gaps until Apple did it themselves? No; the shortsightedness comes in when they assume that just because their product fills a gap, the same gap will always exist. Nobody is ever guaranteed that something bigger, better, and bundled won't come along.", "2626730"], ["2626489", "I have no great love for Apple, but the rhetoric around this is simply ridiculous. When a great app comes out, tech sites will say things like \"why isn't this a feature of the OS?\", but then when they become a feature then the OS vendor gets criticized for \"stabbing\" app developers.", "2626684"], ["2608804", "It will take several years for his patent to make its way through the system. In the meantime, software patents will be abolished.</wishful thinking>He could reasonably claim infringement if he can produce documentation saying that he came up with the idea before your service went live. If he is a standard patent troll, he will probably request a license fee that's low enough to be tempting given the alternative (a potentially expensive legal battle where you have to disrupt your operations to gather proof of prior art and focus on this rather than on your business). Unless you're willing to fight him just on principle, it may end up being cheaper for you to pay his fee and call it a day.", "2609270"], ["2577605", "My two cents are that switching to a date-based version system would be the wrong move.Linux has not been extraordinarily successful at penetrating the desktop market. Where a lot of Linux lives is in the datacenter or the server farm. And if I'm a corporate IT drone, I want to know what is a major, disruptive upgrade and what is a minor upgrade. If you give such a person a CD labeled 2.8.0, it will be viewed with much more suspicion than one labeled 2.6.40, and rightly so. If you give one labeled 3.0, it will be filed in the dustbin until those zeros have become twos. Nobody's going to deploy a dot zero in a production environment.Thus, giving the kernel what appears to be a big version bump for what is effectively a minor upgrade is going to freak out a lot of IT guys for no good reason. I remember IT shops which still ran 2.4 back in 2005ish because 2.6 was still 'too new'.(Whether this attitude is legitimate or not is another question entirely).", "2577809"]]